# moralpainapi
## Limitations
This library was created for dart by the openapi-generator. Unfortunately,
code generation is not all the way where it needs to be. There are a number
of issues we had to work around. First, property-less schemata are not 
supported. The generator yields source that does not compile. Further,
if your schema has an array as its top-level structure, the generated
class is just an empty object. It should implement some list interface
as it does in Java generation. Perhaps the worst limitation is that
the generated code opts out of null safety. Our entire app
has been written with the null safety (as is recommended and defaulted to
by dart) and the generated code is incompatible with it. What this means
is we either remove null-safety from the app to be compatible with the 
generated code, or update the generated code to support null-safety. We
chose the latter. As such, the code cannot be used straight out
of the generator instead, we have to post-process it. Not being
able to rely on the generator means each regeneration will blow away
any modification made to the source - so beware!

## Codegen
```bash
java \
  -jar ~/openapi-generator-cli.jar generate \
  -i ../../infrastructure/sam/api.yaml \
  --generate-alias-as-model \
  --additional-properties pubName=moralpainapi \
  -g dart
dart migrate --apply-changes
# Verify migration process.
```


No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

This Dart package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.DartClientCodegen

## Requirements

Dart 2.0 or later

## Installation & Usage

### Github
If this Dart package is published to Github, add the following dependency to your pubspec.yaml
```
dependencies:
  moralpainapi:
    git: https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```

### Local
To use the package in your local drive, add the following dependency to your pubspec.yaml
```
dependencies:
  moralpainapi:
    path: /path/to/moralpainapi
```

## Tests

TODO

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```dart
import 'package:moralpainapi/api.dart';


final api_instance = DefaultApi();

try {
    final result = api_instance.getSurvey();
    print(result);
} catch (e) {
    print('Exception when calling DefaultApi->getSurvey: $e\n');
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**getSurvey**](doc//DefaultApi.md#getsurvey) | **GET** /survey | Fetch moral distress survey
*DefaultApi* | [**submitSurvey**](doc//DefaultApi.md#submitsurvey) | **POST** /survey | Submit completed moral distress survey


## Documentation For Models

 - [Submission](doc//Submission.md)
 - [Survey](doc//Survey.md)
 - [SurveyOption](doc//SurveyOption.md)
 - [SurveySection](doc//SurveySection.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



